# Interview 31: Mike Paulin - C-CORE

**Date:** February 12, 2026
**Interviewee:** Mike Paulin (C-CORE)
**Interviewer:** Mahmoud (Michael) Kiasari

---

**Speaker 1:** Hello, hello.

**Speaker 2:** Thank you very much. That's another thing we do.

**Speaker 1:** That good. A little bit of rain and dreadel and freezing drizzle over here and saying, John, yeah, where are UHealth out?

**Speaker 2:** Of being in Halifax, yet we had lots of snow yesterday. The roads are good so yeah, everything is white right now.

**Speaker 1:** That's crazy.

**Speaker 2:** Okay? First of all, thank you very much for being here with me. Really appreciate your timing. I know your schedule is so busy, so I'm trying to make everything very tight and some of it try to finish it in 15-20 minutes. Let me introduce myself a little bit more. So my name is Mahmoud, I'm doing my PhD. Third year at Dalhousie University in Halifax, right now, a couple of years ago I was working with the company that was working in Ottawa, that specific company was working in 3D printing additive manufactuirng. It came up with an idea about trying to shift our focus toward using some kind of the additive manufacturing digital inventory and other kind of related thing. Recently, I was accepted in a program Lab2Market from Memorial University, and in this program, we are being encouraged as a new entrepreneur to validate our idea. Because right now, this is just an idea. I haven't some kind of have an MVP or anything to validate it with talking different kind of experts like you. So throughout this program, I have to talk with at least 100 people to see that, what are the ideas towards this? Some kind of work. Is it okay? Is it good for the market? I have to pivot and so on and so forth. That's why I reached out to you because you had lots of great experience that I can do in this matter. So without starting this interview with M UK. Would you just introduce yourself a little bit?

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** No, no. Sores off, well, why don't you get not suggested on I chair? But how did you come across my name?

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** So the idea was that I was working in LinkedIn, and I had to experience, I have to see so many experiences there. And to be honest with you, one of the reasons that I came out with you was about your work with C-CORE I mean about the certifications and other kind of regulation things. I heard that I have to talk with them and your experience in C-CORE is so beneficial for me, because I need to understand how the procedure what's going on. And also other kind of experience that you have.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** So I'm So my first degree was in naval architectural engineering and shipbuilding, and after that, I went to C-CORE, and I did a master's in iceberg, gouging iceberg, scouring grounding of icebergs on the seabed. And the implications that that might have on buried subsea pipelines. And then I ended up Working for C-CORE and doing a part-time PhD. But my project was one that I could use for my PhD so I was working, but a lot of what I was doing, I could carry into my PhD which was a pipe soil interaction. So even though my bachelor's of engineering degree was in shipbuilding naval architectural engineering, I've never done that in my career. My career has been primarily around subsea pipelines. And development more in the Arctic and cold regions than more tempered climates. So I've done that. The the And for 37 years and recently, semi-retired in August, and now I'm doing some part-time consulting while trying to improve my Golf game.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Perfect, perfect, fantastic. Yeah, so thank you very much for this introduction. I mean everything was in your LinkedIn, but it is so much better to hear from the people that what I actually did, that will be way better. So the procedure is like this. I do have a couple of questions 4 or 5 questions. It's not that many because I know your schedule is busy. And after having the questions, I will talk about my idea much more in detail. The reason I'm not doing that at the beginning is that we've been taught that every time we talk about our pitch, not the pitch, the idea, the beginning, people are so nice, they said that, okay. Let's give this guy a little bit compliment. Say that yeah, you're doing good, everything is fantastic. No, I need an honest answer for all of these questions. Because these answers, the information that you gave me after around 40 years of work is so valuable for me that after that, I can some kind of apply it in my idea to see that what would happen today. So is everything okay. We can start this question, not Yeah, perfectly. So the very first question it's not about the C-CORE it's about the Arctic offshore, one, because this is something I recently reached out to I mean I found that there is a potential there. So with your extensive experience in Arctic offshore engineering, including what are the highest challenges, is getting the spare parts to Arctic shore platforms. So the thing that I would like to know as you just mentioned, the Arctic is so cold and it's somehow inexpensive. We don't have that much of access to that. So if something happened to any parts at this stage, what are they doing in order to have that spare part by themselves?

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** And in a lot of cases, you will have spare parts on hand and You know, if you know, some of these places are fairly remote and some of the projects that I've worked on are on the North Slope of Alaska. And you know very remote and Even some of the peel offshore platforms they have there. When it's when it's when there's no ice, they can work by boat. When there's ice, they can go out by bowl. Buy a vehicle once the ice is thick, but when the ice is forming or the ice is breaking up, you're sort of stranded on the platform. And now they can do helicopter lifts, but again, that can be expensive. And you can be delayed by And certainly, when I worked on projects for Sakhalin Island the East Coast of Russia, you know, there could be days that you You can't access the platforms due to weather and fog. Say with offshore land there could be times there's a little more infrastructure here and then helicopters and whatnot. But still, you can be delayed in getting offshore. And whatnot so If you don't have that spare part on hand. Which can be, you know, expensive to just keep something on a shelf lying around or in an extreme case. Maybe, you know 2 of them break and you don't have them there. Now if you go to the Gulf of Mexico, there's cooperatives that with companies that come together and they might have spare parts as a group. And so not everybody keeps their spare parts, but there's a collective or cooperative. They keep a pool of commonly used spare parts. And you withdraw after that. And then replace it. So not everybody has their staying pool of spare parts now. That's the Gulf of Mexico, where there's a very big offshore and gas industry. And you don't have that ability or that advantage to be able to do that for other remote locations. And primarily, I've worked in the Arctic In the offshore in the northern offshore But he could say about any other remote location, whether it be offshore or onshore, whether Siberia and Russia or Kazakhstan, some of the operations there in Remote locations, you still have the same issue.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** It makes sense perfect. So this one question that I have, because you talked about some kind of the days and every time I'm so curious, because at the end of the day when I'm trying to make something I have to consider the expenses. And also how much downtime cost that I can offer to my end user or client. So. When you're talking about days of because of the problem that you can have at, you, can't have access to the parts how, much some kind of money we're talking about that specific industry is losing per day

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Yeah, well, I guess you could go from one extreme that it's very small to you can figure out if you have a platform that's doing 20000 barrels a day times the price of oil. If it completely shuts you down. Now that's from it's a small part, it's not so important and we only lose a little bit of production. To work completely shut down depending on, you know. If you're doing 20000 barrels a day or 10000 barrels a day. Or a 100000 barrels a day, whatever it is times the price of oil $70 a barrel or whatnot to completely shut down. So, you know, there's a big spectrum there or can you can you you know, produce in some that reduced capacity so you could look at from 0 to whatever your production rate is times the price of oil has lost revenue.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Yeah, it makes sense perfect. Thank you very much. So the next question would be about your experience at C-CORE. So you have spent as you just mentioned, more than 10 years at C-CORE as a research engineer, I guess. And I know they're involved in validating offshore technologies for regulators. If you wanted to get an AM parts. The additive manufacturer part certified for use it in offshore oil and gas, say a pipeline. For example, a pipeline component or a platform structural could C-CORE help with that. I mean, what is the procedure of C-CORE? Actually, going to certify a part. It doesn't matter traditional one or the additive manufacturer part.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** And sorry, just back up a little bit and roll up. Okay.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** I don't know by the way. So the thing is that my question was about the C-CORE procedure. And what is some kind of the pathway of C-CORE to give certification to a specific part doesn't matter. It's the traditional one or additive manufactured one

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** And they were a couple of things that's been, you know, 30 years since I worked at ccor roughly the other thing is, you know, and none of this was considered bad. I don't know where you've got this impression that ccor does a certification. Now, when I was there we did designs, and we did validation of four example, pipeline designs from an ice gouge or ice scour perspective and looking at trying to validate that through numerical modeling or physical modeling. But as for and again, I'm not sure what they do now compared to then. But As for the validation of components, I mean, we would do validation of design. And we did do that. Okay when I was there. But the validation of components or component design at that level. Let's say you did an added manufacturing fabrication of a gear. Or whatever widget of some sort, I did not know that they would do the validation of those type of components. Now, having said that... To try to derail this. But you know, there was a company here that was looking into This type of I'm trying to remember the name of the additive manufacturing. Company. Here in St. John's...

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Talk about Atlantic Excel. By the way.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Or yeah, it's good. Here I know so you know those

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Yeah, yeah, I talked with those. I mean, there's some kind of new. I mean they started they work at 2022, but yeah, they're ahead of me. I mean dead of this idea that I do have they're working very, very much on additive manufacturing. Oh? By the way, maybe I did something wrong for my question by C-CORE, I didn't mean that the C-CORE specifically itself is going to give the certification, because I was talking with one of the industry people and they told me that if we want to get certification, and if we need some kind of people to validate the work. The contact C-CORE apparently is not. The main guy is some kind of I think it's a middle one, right? Did I understand it right as A C-CORE.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** You know sometimes I'm sorry to what

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** I'm sorry this C-CORE apparently. As you just mentioned, you are going to only validate some kind of product itself. There are not going to give the certification by themselves. Because the relation like Lloyd's register and DNV they are doing that, is that correct?

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Well yeah, you probably need to have some sort of case. And from certification authorities DNV or Lloyd's ABS these type of You know, again I don't recall kind of testing that sea core could do. And maybe they can do some. There because they do have a centrifuge. They could subject something to large g-forces, but those other testing places. You know, let's say you didn't add in a manufacturing of a drive shaft, and is that drive shaft drive shaft or whatever component it is as good as an OEM piece of equipment from the original equipment manufacturer. Is it as strong as it is flexible as it as rigid. Whatever parameters might be that you would have to test it against the OEM. You know, the term OEM?

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Yeah, the OEM, yeah.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** So you know, it's as good as the OEM, or maybe it doesn't have as long of life, but you accept that. And you accept that you're going to replace it more often. Perhaps or until you can get the OEM piece of equipment. Maybe, you know, do that as a manufacturing to produce the amount of time to shut down and get up and running until you can get that piece of equipment. So I'm not sure what testing C-CORE can do, but there's other places you know, maybe Memorial can do testing because they've got you know, various pieces of and I'm thinking more of load machines and The government urged the lab and that type of thing is, you know, large loading frames, although some of the equipment might not be, you know, that large. But certainly, there's other labs that or facilities that might do testing of components to doing it. Do an assessment to determine how good they are with regards to the OEM piece of equipment. I'm not saying C-CORE can't do that. I don't know what their capabilities are. And depends on what the certifying authority might tell you, hey, you need to check the strength you need to check the corrosion resistance. You need to check the resistance to acids or CO2. Whatever the aspect is that's dictated, you may drive you to whatever lab or testing facility you need to go to

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Make sense perfect. Thank you very much. So the next question would be about the critical component, offshore components and obsolescence, so in your work as a technical advisor for offshore pipelines and structures. What components failed most often or are the hardest to source?

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Yeah, it's been pipelines, don't, and I'm more a pipeline guy. So a pipeline is a linear structure. Essentially, it's a piece of steel with a hole in the middle, you know. And then generally, they don't break. The weak link on On a production platform It's going to be in other areas that are outside of my area of knowledge. But you know whether you're you're drilling and producing oil. For exporting the oil, some sort of pumps and rotating equipment and they are definitely critical to your production. But I'm getting beyond my area of expertise pipelines. Generally, we don't have A problem, if there is a problem, it's generally a leak and a leak is not something that you would You know, I have a component on hand or look at the manufacturing and say, a significant I won't say I'm planning that but rare event that you then need to figure out how you're going to tackle that. And generally you wouldn't get to that point, because you do intelligent pigging, you know term pigging when it comes to pipelines. You're running a smart tool through the pipeline, which will look at the thickness of the pipeline. Any defects? Any corrosion is the thickness of the pipeline. Becoming smaller to deploy, and so you would do those intelligent runs with this intelligent tool. They call it a pig. Essentially. It can be a round or a long object that just is pushed through the pipeline and gathers data, and then the data is analyzed. So generally these things are not a surprise. Even if they are, it could be a catastrophic event to the major leak. And generally the small leaks are caught before they happen, but You know that may be a pipe clamp. Remembering that can be wrapped around the pipeline or shut down in a piece of the pipeline is replaced, which is going to be many, many months and millions and millions of dollars. But there's no moving parts of the pipeline. So the components that need to be replaced are...

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Okay, interesting, thank you. So my next question would be about, so I was doing their research in some kind of the big oil and gas companies like ExxonMobil, Suncor, and Equinor. I reached out to a project. I'm not sure. Do you have information about that or not. Apparently, Equinor is working on a project named Bay du Nord project. Have you heard about that?

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Yeah, with a plan project, they haven't been doing any We're, yeah, they're trying to decide whether or not they'll go forward. The potential there for a billion barrels of oil over the life of the project. But it's been 500 km offshore. In very deep water about a 1000 m, water depths. So even you're even more remote And there you're even in a harsher environment because of the water depth, the waves potential for icebergs. So right now there's negotiations between Equinor and the province of Newfoundland and Labrador as to what they call a benefits agreement. What are the benefits for the province? I think the oil company goes ahead. Equinor goes ahead and develops this project. And so that's where it sits right now. The platforms that we have Offshore here now are in very shallow water. About a 100 m and some of them are gravity platforms. They sit on the seabed, and some of them are floating. Now, Bay du Nord, because it is very deep. A 1000 m, it will be a floating ship. A FPSO (Floating Production Storage and Offloading) structure, which is anchored or moored to the sea bed. And then the drilling risers and production risers will go down to the seabed.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** It's interesting.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** It's a very expensive project to deliver, but if it has potential for a billion barrels of oil, then I mean, you can do the math a billion times $70 a barrel. And 70 billion may cost you 10 billion to develop or whatever their number is And you know, there's this net return there's a significant return on investment. So it's challenging, but certainly, there's a big risk. Big reward again.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Yeah, that completely makes sense. So it comes out my last question. Yeah, obviously they do have 5 minutes. So the next one...

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** I'm okay for time, okay so don't worry. I'm semi-retired.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Okay, I really don't want to ruin your retirement. Because they say that I've had enough 40 years of working, but I don't want to see that, but really appreciate it.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** But I'm also, I'm also an adjunct Prof. here, so I work with some students and I examine graduate students and whatnot. So I'm always happy to assist with students and projects and initiatives and have done some of these Lab2Market interviews. Last year was another student's here at forum.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** How fantastic gay I'm so happy about that. Actually, my next question was also about the Memorial University. So, as you just mentioned as an Adjunct Prof at Memorial University, do you see opportunities for academic industry? Collaboration on additive manufacturing for offshore applications or no. You think it's too soon right now.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** No, I don't think it's too early. I think that. The stage to and I'm not sure. How long that the stage or development time is, but You know you need to start early to try to get there. How long is this process? And then from a certifying authority perspective, because each component or other Aspect to the side of the manufacturing may require different certifications. So if you're doing a drive shaft or whatever the components might be, they have a different timeline or complexity. In getting them approved And You know, I think that the fact that Excel is looking at this Atlantic Excel that, you know there must be some A potential there, otherwise as an a company they wouldn't be looking at it pursuing it because And then you know, they're always I'm a firm believer in academic industry. Collaboration to try to make that happen. Part of the issue, sometimes though academic industry is that industry is in bit of a rush, an academic is not so much of a rush. And Well, that's sometimes creates challenges with, because I've done some academic industry projects over the years. Can you give me 2 minutes if I just need? I get an alarm here. I need to text someone something.

**(Pause)**

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Okay. And then, you know there's an organization here called Energy NL have you ever heard of Energy NL?

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** How? Yes, actually, I was, I guess talking with Keith. Unfortunately, I forgot his name. But he was also working there. This organization that gives fund to this kind of project. That's you're talking about?

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Yeah, it's run by a guy by the name of Dave Finn. I don't know who...

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Oh, Mr. Finn, you actually, I Hopefully going to have a meeting together in future. I still haven't got that approval, but yeah, I'm going to talk with him, hmm.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** They use oil company money to fund research, and often that research engages University and academia now the reason that they exist is The oil companies that are developing or have projects operating here. They're required by law to spend a certain small percentage Of their revenues on R&D, and rather than each oil company, trying to do their own. The management of this organization exists used to be called PRNL - Petroleum Research Newfoundland Labrador but now there's more of an emphasis on energy, including wind and other type of renewables. So they rebranded this Energy NL, and they sort of administer these oil company funding to projects, and so they would have a good perspective on academia industry, collaboration So the big guy to talk to you...

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Yeah, for sure. Hopefully I'm trying to reach out to them because the last time I sent him a message. Apparently, they're working on a conference that is happening there. They're super busy and that's why I didn't have time for that, but yeah, hopefully you can't have time sometime.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Digitalized, digitalization conference. Yeah, Whenever I'm just trying to see when it is once they get that out of the way. It's just trying to see when But it might be. Just March 10th-11th.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Oh, yeah, hopefully they can just reach through. I have to reach them out again because I really want to talk with him. So just one last question again, thanks for the timing you mentioned about energy. And apparently, the Canada is also trying to shift towards that. I mean, try to put more focus on renewable energies. Actually, my main background is electrical engineering, and I'm also working on that. So obviously you had an experience in this matter right? Well, you were also working on renewable energies. So as an offshore wind farms expand in Atlantic Canada and obviously globally. Do you see any some kind of role for 3D printing and additive manufacturing in there? In order to compensate the spare part problem for the turbines and any other kind of partnership.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Yeah, and I looked at it from very high level. I don't know all of the moving parts of the turbine, and so I can't really comment as to how Added manufacturing might benefit You know, when I think about a turbine, and whether it's the Siemens turbine, or whoever the manufacturer is. If you have that and you put in non-OEM parts. How does that affect your warranty? Because, you know, they're going to want to. It seems the turbines on a platform. They probably have a contract to maintain them. There's a warranty if you start putting in, it's like your car you start putting in, not an oem parts, then Volkswagen might say, hey, you put in cheap Chinese brake pads. And that's when screwed up your brake. So I don't know how that factors in as well when you get into a because you look at a wind turbine, what do you have you have the mast? You have The power generation, the nacelle at the top. And then you have the blades. So it's in that one piece that's generating your power. That's fairly compact integrated piece of equipment that may all come under the OEM, and so I'm not sure how that would work. Whereas on an oil or gas platform you've got Yes, you've got compressors and turbine, but you've got so much other Process related equipment. That's essentially a plant That's offshore, so that might be a little bit different, but certainly, you know, here Newfoundland maybe not a lot is going to happen, but The premier Nova Scotia Tim Houston is really pushing the offshore wind et cetera. Beacuse they could produce a significant amount The power there is great wind resource. And really trying to push that ahead. So in Nova Scotia and offshore And maybe onshore wind shows well. You know, I think that some of the proponents of this these wind Projects, you know, might be able to answer your question. That in my...

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Makes sense perfect. Thank you very much and done with all of my questions. So let me just talk a little bit about my idea. So the idea actually, we are working on right now is mainly focusing on digital inventory and additive manufacturing, so the idea was that try to build an ecosystem between different segments and entities like, as you mentioned the OEMs, the end users 3D printing facilities and authorities and lab or different regulators. Then, we somehow shifted that idea or no be some kind of added that fact that we cannot talk about in ecosystem. If you don't talk about digital inventory, that's why we try to somehow do the research to see that how willing are different industries are trying to shift to digital inventories. Because as you just mentioned, most of these guys, they do have spare parts at house. But we would like to tell them that hey, if something happened to one part, maybe not that big part, not the whole turbine thing. But at small components by using AM, we can help you to produce that one in order to reduce the downtime cost, or any other kind of problem that you have because of that. Then, recently, I was also encouraged by a couple of industries about using AI in different aspects. Not only about a warehousing digital and physical inventory but also about the aspect of predictive maintenance. So apparently I found out there are so many data are producing because of the sensors because of so many things. We do have, but we don't have enough human capital to. In some kind of see what's going on. There are lots of information, but no one you don't have that many people to see. Okay, what is the outcome? What can I use this data for so I'm also trying to focus on that to see that how I can use the AI because AI right now is everywhere, so why not try to use it in offshore and oil and gas Industry. So this is the whole idea of my work right now. Again, I'm trying to put some puzzles inside of that or maybe pull out something from it. So what is your some kind of The suggestion about my next path, or at least in this path.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** You know in the Over the years, there's been a debate around Prescriptive maintenance. What do you think? Hey, you will go in and you will change the filter on this pump every 3 months full stop Doesn't matter filter's dirty or clean? You will change the filter. And then There's been, and I don't know how this has worked, or what aspects it's worked. Industry says, well, why do I need to the regulator says this? But why do I need to do that if I can do it on A More of an Performance-based or risk based approach But, you know, if we can maybe let the filter, you know, 5 months, because we've seen the data has shown that we can Okay so I think that The regulators. I've started. To evolve to the point where taking data and information can be used to help guide The maintenance schedules. And you know whether that's switching out parts and whatnot before they break So again? How do you? How do you do that? So I think AI has a place in that. And amount of AI guy, semi-retired, I'm not going to deal with AI. But I know that it's there and I tell my son who's an engineering I mean, you're gonna have to use this. And he's in computer engineering, you know, you may not Design AI but AI will be a tool. And you have to embrace that that there's no way ground that And similarly for my daughter, she's hoping to become a veterinarian, that and in medicine or animal medicine. You know what role does AI play? And you need to embrace that. So I think that And I don't know how this works and I'm sure that the you've given a lot of thought. But if we can take, you know, performance-based data information, statistics. You know, data collection from operations And use that and manipulate it and use AI to Determine outcomes, for example, you run that with that filter for 6 months. You're going to have to go back But you can run it with 5 months. And you're gonna be flying, you know, in a very simplistic view. And some of these things may be intertwined, because It may not be discrete components. They may have linkages to other pieces of the entire plant with thousands or hundreds of thousands of components. But. Maybe you're linked to connected in some way. If there are connection. So how do you? How do you do that? How can I do that in my old-fashioned way of in Excel spreadsheets? And I probably can't, you know, for hundreds of thousands of components, you know, one piece of equipment or several, maybe I can collect data and say here's our trend by Can we bring AI into that and use that to streamline make it more efficient? And made it as a tool, and One knows outcomes, then are validated. Because you're still needing to look at it. And you still need to, because we've been talked about using AI for pipeline design, for example, offshore pipeline design. The pipeline is fairly simple. It's a piece of steel with a hole in the middle, but you need to look at pressures and pressure surges. And wall thicknesses and to contain that pressure and whatnot so That's fairly simplistic. But then when you get into something more complex, and even with the simplistic, if AI comes back and tells me, hey, you're going to have this pipeline. That's going to be good for 5000 psi, and the wall thickness. The thickness of this is going to be It took me a long time to say, well, there's something not right there. That's that's Not a right answer, and we know even by googling, and some of the answers at AI provide I'm not right and might say No, Cape Breton is hunted a few months ago I can't remember what it was, but it was something to do with Cape Breton. You know where Cape Bretro is?

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Yeah

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** You know, the Cape Breton was part of infinite error or something like that out of somebody had put it on social media. How AI had come up with this answer? That was wrong. So we still need to validate or use the human experience to say, hey, does this make sense? AI says we need to change that filter every 10 minutes. Well, but that's obviously wrong. Every 20 years. Well, it's obviously wrong, so we still need a human element. Human component to that And Here and I think with AI as it is. If it's used that, you know, machine learning and whatnot, it learns and it refines itself. So I believe there's a place there and I think that there's a process there. I don't know what that process is, but I definitely think that there's things can be done. And when will be done in oil and gas industry or energy industry? In general

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Makes sense. Yes, excellent perfect. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. It's easily around an hour. That was so so fantastic. I got so much information from your side. So one last favor that I have, I mean all the time I do have it in last favor is that as you just know, I have to talk with so many people so reaching out to people just by myself has a less chance of reaching out to them through other people. So obviously you're very powerful guy. Especially about the networking, but if you had anyone I mean, in your networking that you think that could be helpful for me from another aspect, I would be more than happy if you can just introduce me to them to see that hey, this guy has a project. Maybe you can help them, or this sort of thing. I would really, really appreciate it.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** You have Dwayne Hopkins on your list.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Actually, I'm going to have a meeting with him in 10 minutes. Dwayne is my mentor in the Lab2Market. Yeah, that's such a nice guy.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Yeah, so I guess he beat me. You know, he'd be a guy that he's been working in this space a bit, and you know, the other guy is, Dave Finn and I can't do much there and he reached out to him. And I mean, I know Dave for a long time. And But you have his contact, he knows how. Busy or naught he is so keep beyond. Yeah, someone that. You're going to cut on your radar. Now, the way's probably fairly involved in this conference as well. So maybe he could help Maybe when he says when you ask him this question. That he would say David, and maybe he could help you. And to Jim slot with Dave or somebody else of energy and help, you know, maybe there's somebody else over there, you can talk here that said Number six to 7 or eight people over there and name as a CEO or they don't know if he's the real technical guy. But just ask Dwayne, who may be the best person to talk to an energy analysis.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Definitely, perfect, perfect. Thank you much. Thank you very much for your timing. That was so helpful for me. Really appreciate it.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** Contact also good luck with it. Feel free to follow-up and reach out at the end of the presentation.

**Speaker 2 (Michael):** Interesting. Thank you very much for all. Have a great day.

**Speaker 1 (Mike Paulin):** But we want to watch It.
