Ali is working on the supply chain logistic ection. He is working on politics of supply chain wit husing various way. They are different supply chain and using different politics we investigate the clients or manufacturers behaviour based on them What is the best balance of cost and time for reaching to the best outcome for each industry like transportation. Most of the liked to work traditional they dont like modern ways of working. The only way that they will okay with that would be from a very big company or a very big name that they trust or be dictated to use that. Most fo the researchers are not valid for them. If they do have their own R&D section, they are okay with that. Another reason they dont like it is that its so expensive and they dont see the value of it yet. They have to install machines or train people or deal with the regulators and etc. There are different factors for adopting the technology. Some says loyalty and others another things you have to find what factor is important for them. They are looking for at least 10% to 15% of ROI. They are some costs again if you put also deployment because of for instance getting 5% of the whole physical inventory to digital. We have to convince them at the beginning that its a good idea in long run. We have to have comparsions among the traditional ways and new ways to convicne them. Companies are okay with the fact of being considered as the green companies to reduce Co2 based on the environmental factors so its a good reason to talk with them that this idea could reduce the transportation co2 emissions for them . Environmental factors mostly are focused in the production section or in the supply chain parts are in the logistic section. 
He also has some leads that can help me for my work as well that he will introduce me later to them. 
He also talked about the game theroy in our work whcih you can have some insights on it as well and put it here. 